{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green73\blue188;
\red13\green99\blue18;\red9\green77\blue229;\red0\green84\blue137;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf3 Ben Sauer <ben@redbeard.org.uk>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf3 Re: Start date at clearleft\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf3 14 May 2012 16:41:28 GMT+01:00\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf3 Richard Rutter <rich@clearleft.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf3 my answers below.\
\
\
On 9 May 2012, at 16:52, Richard Rutter wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Hi Ben,\
\
\
On 9 May 2012, at 11:10, Ben Sauer wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 Rich, let me know what you'd like me to prepare + a rough length.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Just 5-10 minutes about you, so that folk know a bit more about you and your areas of expertise and interest.\
\
On that note, we're currently redesigning the website and rewriting most of the copy, including the staff pages. I've asked everyone to fill in this questionnaire. If you could fill it out too, I'd be most obliged. I will turn this questionnaire into prose so don't worry too much about your wording.\
\
(I've put my answers at the end)\
\
\
Many thanks.\
\
\
Rich.\
\
\
\
\
When did you start doing web stuff?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 94 i think... my first ISP was newsgroups only. Old school. Literally. (I was in school...).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Who did you work for before Clearleft? (If an agency, please include major clients)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
freelance\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
What do you at Clearleft? (Not just job title, 2-3 sentences of what your job entails)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 I try to make interfaces between people and their digital things more humane. Sort of like making HAL a nicer, less murdery robot. Kind of.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
What unique skills do you have within Clearleft? (ie. what are you particularly good at or interested in? eg. responsive design, user research, global experience languages)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 I enjoy thinking about strategy and organisations - and what sort of impact a particular culture has on users and customers. \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Which clients have you worked for at Clearleft?\
\
\
What relevant post-graduate qualifications do you have?\
\
\
What industry organisations are you a member of eg. UPA, IxDA, ISTD, IChemE, Ofcom, CIA, BNM\
\
\
What notable conferences or meet-ups have you spoken at?\
\
\
Where have you been published? (books, magazines, e-zines, etc)\
\
\
What other things do you help out with in the web community (eg. organising Skillswap, geek go-karting)\
\
\
What are you currently (or recently) working on?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 My last freelance project was usability testing a print product (one with a *very* small typeface!). I got to see a new level of human squinting.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
What do you do outside of work?\
List a few things you like doing - show off a bit of your personality. You could mention personal projects as well as hobbies, sporting affiliations, etc.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Kids kids kids kids. Did I mention I have children and no free time?? Besides changing nappies and diverting tantrums with voodoo\'a0kid persuasion, I enjoy running and making music with aluminium guitars. I grew up in the motorsport world but have left it behind... I look forward to taking on the team at karting; I once beat Jensen Button (true story...!)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Your other homes on the web (URLs or usernames please)\
Only list places you're happy appearing on your profile page and preferably that you regularly update. They may include:\
\
\'95 Twitter\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
@bensauer\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \'95 Blog\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.redbeard.org.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://www.redbeard.org.uk}}\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \'95 LinkedIn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://uk.linkedin.com/in/bensauer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs26 \cf7 \cb8 \ul \ulc7 http://uk.linkedin.com/in/bensauer}}\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \'95 Tumblr\
\'95 Flickr\
\'95 Pinboard\
\'95 Pinterest\
\'95 Dribbble\
\'95 Last.fm\
\'95 Huffduffer\
\'95 Lanyrd\
\'95 Github\
\'95 etc\
\
\
Anything else that might convince a client to hire you/us?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 I have an English degree but was a developer for a while... so I've accidentally ended up embodying Steve Jobs vision for Apple.... \'a0a combination of the humanities and engineering!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
\
\
\
\
If it helps, here's my answers. They are probably a bit modest \'96 if you know you're good at something, say so!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 When did you start doing web stuff?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
1994. I remember the heady days of Netscape 1.1. I wrote the world's most popular HTML guide, now held in a ten year old time capsule at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://htmlbyexample.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 htmlbyexample.com}}.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 Who did you work for before Clearleft? (If an agency, please include major clients)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Before Clearleft I was the user experience lead at Multimap, Europe's most popular mapping site, subsequently acquired by Microsoft. I also ran the front-end team and instigated Multimap's conversion to web standards, saving the company tens of thousands of pounds.\
\
Before Multimap I was a user experience designer at Citria, responsible the design of sites for Barclaycard and Credit Suisse, as well as numerous dot com start ups.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What do you at Clearleft? (Not just job title, 2-3 sentences of what your job entails)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Founder and Production Director, day to day a user experience designer. I work with clients to translate their ideas into new and improved websites by researching, planning site information architecture and designing interactions through the medium of sketches and interactive prototypes.\
\
I also run Fontdeck, dealing with foundry partners, corporate customers and continually improving the product.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What unique skills do you have within Clearleft? (ie. what are you particularly good at or interested in? eg. responsive design, user research, global experience languages)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Particular interest in web typography \'96 self-appointed web typography evangelist. Key attribute to my UX design is empathetic understanding of users, achieved through listening, usability testing and detailed design via interactive HTML-based prototyping. I can't draw but I still like to sketch.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 Which clients have you worked for at Clearleft?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Riverford \'96 UX design: user research, use cases and user flows, interactive prototype, usability testing\
Wellcome Library \'96 UX design: stakeholder research, user research, design workshops, interactive wireframes\
RedeParede \'96 UX design: interactive prototype, typographic consultancy\
RateMyArea \'96 UX design: interactive prototype\
DACS \'96 UX research: stakeholder interviews, card sort, wireframing\
Harcourt & Pearson Education \'96 UX design: user research, interactive wireframes\
Open University \'96 UX research: contextual research, stakeholder research, use cases, sitemapping\
Scholastic \'96 information architecture: user flows, site mapping\
Sci-Fi Channel \'96 UX design: design workshops, wireframe sketching\
Chartered Institute of Marketing \'96 information architecture\
Teleport \'96 UX design: wireframe sketching\
Nuts \'96 UX design: stakeholder research, design workshop, wireframe sketching\
Amnesty Intl- UX design: user research, wireframe sketching\
Gumtree - UX research: interactive prototype, usability testing, Agile UX\
Fontdeck \'96 product design, UX design: interactive wireframes, user testing\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What relevant post-graduate qualifications do you have?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
None\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What industry organisations are you a member of eg. UPA, IxDA, ISTD, IChemE, Ofcom, CIA, BNM\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
IxDA, London IA, ATypI\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What notable conferences or meet-ups have you spoken at?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
AEA, SxSW, Skillswap, UIE (California & online), UX London, ATypI (Dublin), Spletne-Urice (Slovenia)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 Where have you been published? (books, magazines, e-zines, etc)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Co-wrote:\
Web Accessibility published by Apress\
Blog Design Solutions published by Friends of ED\
\
Articles published in:\
ALA\
.Net magazine\
Web Designer magazine\
24 Ways\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What other things do you help out with in the web community (eg. organising Skillswap, geek go-karting)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
'Maintain' {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://webtypography.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 webtypography.net}} resource translating Bringhurst's guidelines into CSS. Evangelise web typography whenever given a chance. Organise Ampersand web typography conference.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What are you currently (or recently) working on?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
NBC PictureBox \'96 UX design: site mapping, interactive wireframes. Bringing a rejected brand to life and maybe even commercial success.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 What do you do outside of work?\
List a few things you like doing - show off a bit of your personality. You could mention personal projects as well as hobbies, sporting affiliations, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Chelsea FC member \'96 I used to go to Stamford Bridge regularly, now I just watch them on TV. I used to go mountain biking, no I just ride into work. I still buy CDs and vinyl and rarely update my ClagTunes podcast. I also rarely update my blog at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://clagnut.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 clagnut.com}}. I will never design a typeface, and my favourite font is currently Premiera designed by Thomas Gabriel of Typejockeys.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 Your other homes on the web (URLs or usernames please)\
Only list places you're happy appearing on your profile page and preferably that you regularly update. They may include:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Twitter - clagnut\
Blog \'96 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://clagnut.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 clagnut.com}}\
LinkedIn\
Flickr - clagnut\
Pinboard - clagnut\
Dribbble - clagnut\
Last.fm - clagnut\
Huffduffer - clagnut\
Lanyrd - clagnut\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf5 Anything else that might convince a client to hire you/us?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Named with Andy in Wired UK's top 100 digital power brokers.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf3 Ben Sauer\
User Experience Consultant\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:ben@redbeard.org.uk"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 ben@redbeard.org.uk}}\
+44 (0)7970 989 085\
skype/twitter: bensauer\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \
}