{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green73\blue188;
\red8\green78\blue229;\red38\green100\blue22;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf3 Josh Emerson <josh@clearleft.com>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf3 Re: Website profile page\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf3 19 April 2012 19:31:19 GMT+01:00\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf3 Richard Rutter <rich@clearleft.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf3 Hi Rich\
\
Here's my Bio. Feel free to reword or bounce back to me for changes.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 # When did you start doing web stuff?\
\
Probably in \'a01995 or 1996. I was about 10 years old and my Dad installed a new app on our home computer called Internet Explorer. From that moment on I've always been fascinated by the internet. I'm fascinated by the endless possibilities the web affords, and the fact that anyone with a text editor can make an impact upon it.\
\
\
# Who did you work for before Clearleft? (If an agency, please include major clients)\
\
Before coming to Clearleft I was a freelance web designer. As a freelancer I worked on every part of the website, from conception, through design and development. I was particularly interested in usability and would often partake in user testing in order to improve designs.\
\
\
# What do you at Clearleft? (Not just job title, 2-3 sentences of what your job entails)\
\
I work collaboratively with visual and UX designers to transition a design into CSS, HTML and javascript. Using best practices I always aim for maintainable code which is backwards compatible and adheres to progressive enhancement, meaning that sites can take advantage of new features without giving a poor experience in older browsers. I also work with back end developers, helping them take our modular patterns of code and implement them into their environments.\
\
I'm also responsible for adding new functionality to Fontdeck, a service that provides web fonts for designers. Along with this I respond to customer support for Fontdeck, which gives me a unique insight into which features and improvements would improve the service for users.\
\
\
# What unique skills do you have within Clearleft? (ie. what are you particularly good at or interested in? eg. responsive design, user research, global experience languages)\
\
I thoroughly enjoy problem solving, and love working on responsive sites as they offer me a sense of reward upon creating a great cross platform experience. I've been described as a developer with UX sensibilities. I care deeply about the user experience for any project I work on, and want to ensure that I always meet the goals set by UX designers.\
\
Since being involved in the Fontdeck project, my enthusiasm and appreciation for Typography has become stronger. I enjoy setting tone and hierarchy in any project through the presentation of text.\
\
# Which clients have you worked for at Clearleft?\
\
* Wellcome - Front end development, responsive design\
* {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://Nuts.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Nuts.com}} - Front end development\
* Shopify - Front end development, responsive design\
* Fontdeck - Front end development, customer service\
* UXLondon - Front end development, responsive design\
\
\
# What relevant post-graduate qualifications do you have?\
\
None\
\
\
# What industry organisations are you a member of eg. UPA, IxDA, ISTD, IChemE, Ofcom, CIA, BNM\
\
None\
\
\
# What notable conferences or meet-ups have you spoken at?\
\
* Async\
\
\
# Where have you been published? (books, magazines, e-zines, etc)\
\
Nowhere\
\
\
# What other things do you help out with in the web community (eg. organising Skillswap, geek go-karting)\
\
I'm getting involved in [Code Club]({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://codeclub.org.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://codeclub.org.uk/}}) which is inspiring kids to learn to code through an after school coding club hitting primary schools nationwide. I will be helping to formulate the curriculum and visiting local schools to run these clubs.\
\
\
# What are you currently (or recently) working on?\
\
I'm currently completing a project with the UK charity The Wellcome Trust. We've been completely redesigning their site, improving usability and bringing them a responsive design. For their Library we've also improved the search tools used on a daily basis by their visitors.\
\
\
# What do you do outside of work?\
## List a few things you like doing - show off a bit of your personality. You could mention personal projects as well as hobbies, sporting affiliations, etc.\
\
I create small web apps which solve problems I experience on a regular basis. Recently I've worked on invitd.to, which sends event invitations out via Twitter and shows you who is attending your event. I'm also working on an app which enables organisations to better manage a shared twitter account, showing which mentions have been replied to and which need attention.\
\
My other passion is Cinema. I've always enjoyed unconventional films which challenge our preconceptions and cause revelation. Films such as Being John Malcovich, Mulholland Drive and Todo sobre mi madre (All about my mother) are among my favourites. Among my ever growing collection of films, very few are upbeat, yet people would generally describe me as an optimistic person.\
\
\
# Your other homes on the web (URLs or usernames please)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://joshemerson.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://joshemerson.co.uk}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/joshje"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://twitter.com/joshje}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://github.com/joshje"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://github.com/joshje}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lanyrd.com/joshje"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://lanyrd.com/joshje}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dribbble.com/joshje"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://dribbble.com/joshje}}\
\
\
# Anything else that might convince a client to hire you/us?\
Can't think of anything to say here.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf3 Josh Emerson\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf3 \
On 18 Apr 2012, at 18:53, Richard Rutter wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 If it helps, here's my answers. They are probably a bit modest \'96 if you know you're good at something, say so!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 When did you start doing web stuff?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
1994. I remember the heady days of Netscape 1.1. I wrote the world's most popular HTML guide, now held in a ten year old time capsule at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://htmlbyexample.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 htmlbyexample.com}}.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 Who did you work for before Clearleft? (If an agency, please include major clients)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Before Clearleft I was the user experience lead at Multimap, Europe's most popular mapping site, subsequently acquired by Microsoft. I also ran the front-end team and instigated Multimap's conversion to web standards, saving the company tens of thousands of pounds.\
\
Before Multimap I was a user experience designer at Citria, responsible the design of sites for Barclaycard and Credit Suisse, as well as numerous dot com start ups.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What do you at Clearleft? (Not just job title, 2-3 sentences of what your job entails)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Founder and Production Director, day to day a user experience designer. I work with clients to translate their ideas into new and improved websites by researching, planning site information architecture and designing interactions through the medium of sketches and interactive prototypes.\
\
I also run Fontdeck, dealing with foundry partners, corporate customers and continually improving the product.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What unique skills do you have within Clearleft? (ie. what are you particularly good at or interested in? eg. responsive design, user research, global experience languages)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Particular interest in web typography \'96 self-appointed web typography evangelist. Key attribute to my UX design is empathetic understanding of users, achieved through listening, usability testing and detailed design via interactive HTML-based prototyping. I can't draw but I still like to sketch.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 Which clients have you worked for at Clearleft?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Riverford \'96 UX design: user research, use cases and user flows, interactive prototype, usability testing\
Wellcome Library \'96 UX design: stakeholder research, user research, design workshops, interactive wireframes\
RedeParede \'96 UX design: interactive prototype, typographic consultancy\
RateMyArea \'96 UX design: interactive prototype\
DACS \'96 UX research: stakeholder interviews, card sort, wireframing\
Harcourt & Pearson Education \'96 UX design: user research, interactive wireframes\
Open University \'96 UX research: contextual research, stakeholder research, use cases, sitemapping\
Scholastic \'96 information architecture: user flows, site mapping\
Sci-Fi Channel \'96 UX design: design workshops, wireframe sketching\
Chartered Institute of Marketing \'96 information architecture\
Teleport \'96 UX design: wireframe sketching\
Nuts \'96 UX design: stakeholder research, design workshop, wireframe sketching\
Amnesty Intl- UX design: user research, wireframe sketching\
Gumtree - UX research: interactive prototype, usability testing, Agile UX\
Fontdeck \'96 product design, UX design: interactive wireframes, user testing\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What relevant post-graduate qualifications do you have?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
None\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What industry organisations are you a member of eg. UPA, IxDA, ISTD, IChemE, Ofcom, CIA, BNM\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
IxDA, London IA, ATypI\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What notable conferences or meet-ups have you spoken at?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
AEA, SxSW, Skillswap, UIE (California & online), UX London, ATypI (Dublin), Spletne-Urice (Slovenia)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 Where have you been published? (books, magazines, e-zines, etc)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Co-wrote:\
Web Accessibility published by Apress\
Blog Design Solutions published by Friends of ED\
\
Articles published in:\
ALA\
.Net magazine\
Web Designer magazine\
24 Ways\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What other things do you help out with in the web community (eg. organising Skillswap, geek go-karting)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
'Maintain' {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://webtypography.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 webtypography.net}} resource translating Bringhurst's guidelines into CSS. Evangelise web typography whenever given a chance. Organise Ampersand web typography conference.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What are you currently (or recently) working on?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
NBC PictureBox \'96 UX design: site mapping, interactive wireframes. Bringing a rejected brand to life and maybe even commercial success.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 What do you do outside of work?\
List a few things you like doing - show off a bit of your personality. You could mention personal projects as well as hobbies, sporting affiliations, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Chelsea FC member \'96 I used to go to Stamford Bridge regularly, now I just watch them on TV. I used to go mountain biking, no I just ride into work. I still buy CDs and vinyl and rarely update my ClagTunes podcast. I also rarely update my blog at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://clagnut.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 clagnut.com}}. I will never design a typeface, and my favourite font is currently Premiera designed by Thomas Gabriel of Typejockeys.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 Your other homes on the web (URLs or usernames please)\
Only list places you're happy appearing on your profile page and preferably that you regularly update. They may include:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Twitter - clagnut\
Blog \'96 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://clagnut.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 clagnut.com}}\
LinkedIn\
Flickr - clagnut\
Pinboard - clagnut\
Dribbble - clagnut\
Last.fm - clagnut\
Huffduffer - clagnut\
Lanyrd - clagnut\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 Anything else that might convince a client to hire you/us?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Named with Andy in Wired UK's top 100 digital power brokers.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
}