{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green73\blue188;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf3 Michelle O'Loughlin <michelle@clearleft.com>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf3 website profile page\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf3 27 April 2012 12:26:28 GMT+01:00\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf3 Richard Rutter <rich@clearleft.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf3 Hi Rich\
\
Here are my answers... feel free to embellish where you see fit.\
\
cheers\
Michelle\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 When did you start doing web stuff?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
I got my first job designing websites and sites for interactive TV in late 1999. Before then I studied graphic design at UWE.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Who did you work for before Clearleft? (If an agency, please include major clients)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
Before Clearleft I was a senior designer at Intergen, one of New Zealand's largest and leading agencies. I was part of a small but perfectly formed creative team and I did a 50/50 mix of ux and visual design. I worked there for 2 years before coming home.\
\
Before Intergen, I worked at XMLondon, a digital agency that had a massive range of clients. I worked on visual design for websites such as Buckingham Palace, Foreign and Commonwealth Office, and Kingston University, among others...\
\
Before then, I worked for several other design agencies (Grey Interactive, Circle.com) as well as some time freelancing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What do you at Clearleft? (Not just job title, 2-3 sentences of what your job entails)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
Visual Designer. I work with clients to create the perfect visual look for their website and ensuring brand consistency, pushing the brand where possible. I create modular design patterns that are used across large and complex sites (such as wellcome). I work alongside the ux designer to generate ideas, \'a0define interactions, and refine the user journey etc. On occasion (for smaller internal sites), I produce wireframes and do some of the ux stuff myself.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What unique skills do you have within Clearleft? (ie. what are you particularly good at or interested in? eg. responsive design, user research, global experience languages)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
I like to design sites that not only look nice but also solve a design/business problem. For me it's not just about making things prettier than before. I'm interested in making complex things feel simple through clear visual design. I enjoy working on large websites with the many design and ux challenges they bring. I like to get involved in the UX side of things where at all possible.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Which clients have you worked for at Clearleft?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
Wellcome Library \
ITV Food\
Family Investments\
What Car - car chooser\
Shopify\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What relevant post-graduate qualifications do you have?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
None\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What industry organisations are you a member of eg. UPA, IxDA, ISTD, IChemE, Ofcom, CIA, BNM\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
none\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What notable conferences or meet-ups have you spoken at?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
none\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Where have you been published? (books, magazines, e-zines, etc)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
none\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What other things do you help out with in the web community (eg. organising Skillswap, geek go-karting)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
I'm part of the support team for SheSays Brighton - of which Rifa is the leading lady. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What are you currently (or recently) working on?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
Wellcome Library - a complete redesign of their current library site. \'a0This includes an overhaul of the visual design (bringing into line with the Wellcome Collection, simplifying the complex search system, \'a0designing the interface for the new Digital Asset Player, and designing a interactive timeline for use across all Trust sites. The site has also been designed to be responsive, and we've created a tidy navigation system for use on small screen devices.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 What do you do outside of work?\
List a few things you like doing - show off a bit of your personality. You could mention personal projects as well as hobbies, sporting affiliations, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
I love the outdoors and the sea, so you might find me out walking or sailing at weekends. I have my own little sailing boat that lives in Gosport, so I enjoy pottering around on that. I also have a very strange obsession with sausage dogs. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Your other homes on the web (URLs or usernames please)\
Only list places you're happy appearing on your profile page and preferably that you regularly update. They may include:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
Twitter - micholoughlin\
LinkedIn\
Flickr - hello.mich\
Lanyrd - micholoughlin\
website - me-ow.co.uk}