{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green77\blue229;
\red0\green84\blue137;\red26\green26\blue26;\red32\green84\blue136;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf3 Rifa Thorpe-Tracey <rifa@clearleft.com>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf3 Re: Website profile page\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf3 24 April 2012 18:35:15 GMT+01:00\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf3 Richard Rutter <rich@clearleft.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf3 Hi Rich, not sure all the questions are relevant but I've given it a go....\
\
When did you start doing web stuff? I started working as a Project Manager for a London based start-up specialising in viral marketing in 1998.\'a0\
\
Who did you work for before Clearleft? (If an agency, please include major clients)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://agencyrepublic.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Agency Republic}}
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.myavivareward.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Aviva}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bbc.co.uk/raw/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 BBC RAW}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bp.com/productlanding.do?categoryId=9031834&contentId=7058274"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 BP}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.butlins.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Butlins}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.caburnhope.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Caburn Hope}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.channel4.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Channel 4}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.channel5.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Channel 5}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.clearleft.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Clearleft}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.coca-cola.co.uk/about-us/employment-our-people.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Coca-cola}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.confused.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Confused.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.designate.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Designate}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.interactive.firstdirect.com/jobs/rewardsbenefits"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 First Direct}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thegrandunion.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Grand Union}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gsk.co.uk/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 GSK}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://kanoti.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Kanoti}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://littleloud.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Littleloud}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://a-to-s.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Mercedes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/ms348103"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Microsoft Developer Network}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.institute.nhs.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 NHS institute for innovation}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://o2rewards.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 O2}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.eelpie.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Pete Townshend}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reddwarf.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Red Dwarf}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.travelport.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Travelport}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 UK Cabinet Office}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.vanquis.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Vanquis}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.virginholidays.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Virgin Holidays}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.worthdigital.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Worth Digital}}\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf3 \'a0\
\
\
What do you at Clearleft? (Not just job title, 2-3 sentences of what your job entails)\
Client liaison, project planning, resourcing and time tracking. I\'a0
\f0\fs22 schedule meetings, manage status reports and provide overall support to the project team\'a0
\f1\fs28 \
\
\
What unique skills do you have within Clearleft? (ie. what are you particularly good at or interested in? eg. responsive design, user research, global experience languages)\
I have
\f0  a much more holistic\'a0approach to her projects, acting as an enabler rather than an enforcer. We're transparent about time we spend on the work and we work in a much more collaborative way.\'a0
\f1 \
\
\
Which clients have you worked for at Clearleft?\
I work on multiple projects including Wellcome Library, Channel 4 News, DACS, NBC Picturebox, Cambridge University Press...\'a0\
\
\
What relevant post-graduate qualifications do you have?\
From June I'll be a Scrum Master and a Prince 2 Certified Practitioner\'a0\
\
What industry organisations are you a member of eg. UPA, IxDA, ISTD, IChemE, Ofcom, CIA, BNM\
\
\
What notable conferences or meet-ups have you spoken at?\
\
\
Where have you been published? (books, magazines, e-zines, etc)\
\
\
What other things do you help out with in the web community (eg. organising Skillswap, geek go-karting)\
I'm the founder of the Brighton chapter of SheSays - a global network that helps women in the digital industry\
\
What are you currently (or recently) working on?\
\'a0\
\
\
What do you do outside of work?\
List a few things you like doing - show off a bit of your personality. You could mention personal projects as well as hobbies, sporting affiliations, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\fs32 \cf3 I like art and design, sci-fi, 90s indie music, meditating, travelling and learning new skills. \'a0I am a qualified yoga teacher.\'a0
\fs28 \
\
Your other homes on the web (URLs or usernames please)\
Only list places you're happy appearing on your profile page and preferably that you regularly update. They may include:\
\
\'95 Twitter @rifa\
\'95 Blog {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rifa.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 www.rifa.co.uk}}\
\'95 LinkedIn\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://uk.linkedin.com/in/rifab"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\fs26 \cf5 http://uk.linkedin.com/in/rifab}}\
\'a0\'95 Lanyrd\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lanyrd.com/profile/rifa/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://lanyrd.com/profile/rifa/}}\'a0\
\'a0Thisismyjam:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thisismyjam.com/rifa"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.thisismyjam.com/rifa}}\
\
\
Anything else that might convince a client to hire you/us?\
I've got 25 glowing testimonials from happy clients\
\
\
\
-- \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f4\b\fs26 \cf3 Rifa Bhunnoo\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs22 \cf6 Project Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rifa@clearleft.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 rifa@clearleft.com}}\
O:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%2B44%20845%20838%206163"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 +44 845 838 6163}}
\f1\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f4\fs22 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \
}